Sampling Decoding Outputs:

Context 1:
Rick grew up in a troubled household. He grew up with a dysfunctional family and had problems with his sister and family members. However, he later found it wise to leave his abusive parents, while wrestling with his life with pain, sadness,

Context 2:
Laverne needs to prepare something for her friend's party. Moving September 27 to the next day will take her out and exhaust her peaks, slow her down, and make money for CharilaTA's parents. It might take her a couple of days to move

Context 3:
Sarah had been dreaming of visiting Europe for years.

Her visit since last month was voluntary rather than valid, bringing all told more than 4000 people over to see villagers last fall, many, many a man living in Fermanagh camp.


Context 4:
Gina was worried the cookie dough in the tube would be gross. Her parents asked her not to eat it, but she did so. It was not strange that kids can believe that the beard sticks to their skin, but, honestly, I shied away from eating

Context 5:
It was  my final performance in marching band. So I'm honored that I have shared that magnitude."

Paul Johnson/AFP/Getty Images

Read Next: Jake Luke again overshadowed some of Jake Johnson's brightest momentsAt the beginning

Context 6:
Jim found an old disposable camera in the bottom of his junk drawer. He picked it apart and removed the prongs.

"That's what you see right there on the television," said Koh.[….

• O Chang He also made an album of photos

Context 7:
Ron started his new job as a landscaper today.

"It was a great calling call. We got our dash by DNA pad (to get a rough look), and according to the Info Officer there's no missing key," Traugott said

Context 8:
John and Billy became very skilled at beer pong. With that they started a different way of doing things to collect what little blurs between them before they split up.

I've heard from some of our masters that they'd put grapefruit cake

Context 9:
Caroline was a student in medical school. She has worked at the Millennium Hotel in London , the Lunei Hotel in China near Kingston upon Thames Park and the Fraldimme near Paris or whatever it might be.


Using The

Context 10:
Trish hated the outdoors. Except for quick human safaris, his favorite haunt was the forest.. even the weird ones. ''...Yes, haunted houses, I believe! Murphy's Island, this place is absolutely freaking awesome!"

Context 11:
Tony was happy to be going on his first cruise. He initially hired a yacht as his own, so he could surf the Channel with Kumatura," says Scheutthisen. "It was a $10 prep trip in the United States.

Context 12:
Ignacio wants to play a sport while he is in college. So having to join someone on his team changing up on him during the off season is forcing some anger, so he works out his skills that team will see him flip from Krea Torres to Jose Sal

Context 13:
Danny bought a boat. It had taken him like two months to find it. Before he could salvage it, Beam announced that he was going to float it against the beating of my bass. Heat took hold netting and they

Context 14:
At school, Mary received an assignment to write an essay about pandas. I wonder how she still sees their nesting in her writing? We were apart when André died from typhoid fever. We had a heavy bedroom, so we tummied Armin Neves,

Context 15:
Ellen dreamed of winning a prize for her roses.

She also dreamed of winning a prize for Plankton. "I love that," Ernachan said.

She returned to Colorado just last year after 13 years combing through legislation

Context 16:
Jesse had just started fifth grade. He was bullied with trash talk and questionable drug convictions.

"My classmates, instead of being ignored, did nothing," noted Rebecca, 155. "You really didn't get recommended."



Context 17:
Tiffany was getting overwhelmed at work. She learnt he told her he risked getting slashed and stabbed during an assault on her despite her new capskin. Soon after, she pulled the gun on him and threatened to kill her and his sons if

Context 18:
Gina misplaced her phone at her grandparents. "Hi?" asked Nick outside of Seattle, her mom's dad grinning. "Would I get a spare ring for you?" She waited for it to move by a bit, stopping to ring when Nick

Context 19:
Alice was getting married in a few weeks. Everybody trusted her. Mostly, with them, it went with the gifts. She'd go to these places for love and friendship and generosity but she wouldn't actually buy anything unless she was chemically sick or

Context 20:
Ted loves to go to the movies. He also has a close anime link with Yamada Ueda.


Just last week around Sigma, Ryika, and Samson, Shinji, and Dash about hyperbole concerning Tokyo-14. Evangel

Context 21:
Nya had been asked on a paintball trip with friends. Mr. Sisley, who works in a subcontractor's office, looked like he was from the Las Vegas casino.

Then he learned he'd been responsible for the lagging trust in

Context 22:
All of Javier's friends at school have smartphones.

He said Grazznicky remembers seeing features on his watch on his sister's page in the paper junkie have been added to one of his matches catching hits but didn't keep track of

Context 23:
Rachel decided to donate blood at the local blood drive. Recently, she has been doing early stops for Bellagio and the key, gym trainer Martin Leary.

The boy was born diploid and also had bad dental work, which forced

Context 24:
Ron was watching a high-speed chase on TV.

With so much time in my lap, my timing told me all I needed to know.

I watched as Nick pulled back onto the track.

"I have never been out

Context 25:
Sam loved his old belt. "Mine slipped out of my rucksack," he said. Some fans didn't even have pants on. "He kissed me," Dudley objected as Dudley sneezed. A seventh-year duel

Context 26:
Larry bought a new motorcycle. Or so I suspect that Steve calls it. He's also an old machine. His grin spread wide past his ribs and as he noticed the crisp gas big as an olive, he paused and took a

Context 27:
I went on a blind date a few days ago. And I've never had brains when I've had people genuinely searching for anything that will give me head disease.

"And I'm loving it here now. We've totally cut the player down

Context 28:
Sammy's coffee grinder was broken. Danny and I hid and cursed against the marshmallows and baby sandals in the parking lot and could hardly hear where we were. Around midday, Brian sat in the back seat behind the head-

Context 29:
Last week Jared was driving to work. His laptop was crawling with work. His friend built a complete custom development environment for him (the "Ft.'s Module Generator App").

Frank is participating in the Blue LINE project to fix

Context 30:
Joe grew a big batch of peas in his garden. But by the time he opened the pot to inoculate his flock at rains, you can already feel disinterested and weary in what's going on with his husband. When he finds yourself shedding his harvest

Context 31:
Aliza had a long lost ex-boyfriend she was bound to find. Through ten years of marriage at her side, she had never worked in retail nearly as good as Miss Katie's husband, and you hadn't seen that SD = SM. That case made their breakup seem

Context 32:
Lina went to see how candy canes were made.Improvements were implemented that put vehicles into the battlefield faster and easier than before. D Major Cells now grant any effect for up to 100% durability. This means spacecraft will automatically back up in 12

Context 33:
When I first moved into my house, I didn't know my neighbors. Neighbors are primarily

sensitive people. My oldest naive, who was a

homeless mom, won't remember many friends. She also can't remember

a thief who stucked

Context 34:
Bev had been studying very hard.

"You would think things would have gone differently if that's what characters have done," Guber summarized, after we left Irslago the Dark Two. To him, planning was a little

Context 35:
We went to Frank Pepe's pizza shop three weeks ago. The chef's wife, released back in 2007, had told me that since she had only been to work for maybe a week in time with a cancer diagnosis, they thought that might be the last time

Context 36:
Bernice always wanted to travel to Africa. She got into the British boarding school in Leeds one day, speedily making school, but still faced too much raggedy paperwork for a blessing to do. "I didn't apply for it as

Context 37:
Jim made spinach cookies. He was excellent. You just can't get the Megan Speed this thing can convey. I subbed him when he changed the sky and my local game store could supply everything for AARP, globally so

Context 38:
Randy's friend gave him directions to his house. He said "Eunma… everything's better… except for the car on the road".

After that things just quickly got better. Six years later Cope played his words to the Georgetown

Context 39:
I decided to go on a bike ride with my brother. On this occasion, we were really recruited."

There was also a chance of sticking around just to admire Branson, who talks about his experience on the streets of Auckland in a stage of hero

Context 40:
Anna went to the salon. Her whole face was unnaturally unflattering, even more so than usual, in front of the younger woman who was watching her from above her dress. "Wow, sir." She murmured, ignoring

Context 41:
David and Sarah were friends during childhood. "I think she'd love to be that good about this and worry about the things that we don't always know." He also sometimes had more fun with video games. And while he didn't play

Context 42:
AJ and his mom were at the grocery store. She said he had been drinking in the past and felt sick, and took them home alone to get quibs.The 20 year old said Kerkueler not long after washing up went into

Context 43:
Joe went to the junkyard to find treasures. Katie was busy dropping his phone in the middle of the field where his aunt did travel the idea of Morgan Evans retiring for the NFL. He usually got a shout of Kimberlon Woolpatrick or Darman

Context 44:
Priya decided to try a new restaurant. In March, he liked only the brand more: Fully Apps. He had twice gone to Apple Store for his first bottle of wine, used overheard voicemails during pissing contests, drove himself,

Context 45:
Karen was assigned a roommate her first year of college.


Williams hopes he'll help her learn how to make her mortgage debt pay. Fence condition shows a second room has potential for improvement.


"This bears witness to the fact that when

Context 46:
We took a family vacation to the beach last year. The Boise Empire was here soon, we were heading down to Annan Harbor for Meg steak. We thought this was the perfect place for us to kick off our first dinner at Loblaws (supplies

Context 47:
Donald was kind of the class clown. Like them or not, Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, want to select president and we don't want to judge either one of those candidates,'' Mr Brown said.Mr Clinton was booed.Mr Trump

Context 48:
Eddie and Angela hadn't been talking to each other for a long time. They'd started dating..." (Amanda's ass kicking) "oh, it's just..."she leaned down next to the back of Diane's bag (No. 22). "You'll probably feel

Context 49:
Rachel adopted a cat over ten Years ago. Busy alienated her body-noises grew with weight. Bold site has still not revealed they have son and had a kitten move in with her when Busy moved. Please have the contact information for

Context 50:
Jim is a new driver and has never been pulled over before. PleaseThe IR Code applied here must satisfy James and Jessica's 12 Step Construction Habits Children and Families must follow: 1. Complete an Educational-Information Webinar for the placement by CERT students

Context 51:
I love avocados. They're true to life. My girlfriend likes banana. She eats them whole. When there are any included extra veg extras on the menu, they're just as good.Simple

We

Context 52:
David was an author that had trouble finding inspiration for his work. He hated himself for saying something stupid or blurring the line between genuine and 'well-meaning'. In 2011 he signed on to a "really interesting" start-up called AlphaKai. Now

Context 53:
Boris was addicted to video games. His father was Phil Fischer, and a game mechanic named Boogie was also a computer program inventor. Gebhard was too busy to dine with the Dutch University patrons for a year and a half

Context 54:
A police officer came down with the flu today.

"This is a city all over in that area of northwest Ontario, and one of the reasons the Leafs are here is because of the people they believed they were installing," said Nick DeFran

Context 55:
My friend nathan and his family went to the lake one summer. They took a canoe and headed to N. Estrella Dam, and brought with them some rafts, towel pads, etc. paddling. When they found a path they built around the rocky rock

Context 56:
Gary was a brave child.

I needed a family for good. I wanted a brother who would respect my wishes and respect the differences of my family so I could have a place and I didn't. Patricia Kelley Blum

Context 57:
Timmy was caught with unpaid parking tickets. 5-year-old Charles spoke only when emails to Mindy Kell, attorney for Charlie, were out. Both raised questions about whether an ex-boyfriend and alleged causeway notorious for frequenting

Context 58:
When I was younger, I went to summer camp. [Big-town newspaper reporter Kelsey Anikin] once asked me if I'll go back to the old day where Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, was AIA and very excited to train," Sob

Context 59:
Amber had a lot of things to do this Sunday. She was heartbroken and steadfast in her fight for equality.

Traveling home, she said on Facebook that she proposed to Shannon Cho for an upcoming reading at Emerson High School in Roxbury,

Context 60:
Eve needed a new couch in her parlor. Nort Warrior Thiel IV Temperce After he took there first time, "I remember you' were really happy and so enthusiastic. You were fine too. Have sex with him every day." No thanks!

Context 61:
Jason was terrified of spiders. "I knew where I was going, okay?" said Garrett Steele, a 51year-old former bouncer at Hagley Park from 2005 to 2013. "It would be OK."

E

Context 62:
Linda began to have problems with a coworker at her job. Ricky Preston talks about the Kleene Sheehan case, Katy Slaughter, as well as an August visit to the University of Texas at Austin. Free View in iTunes

43 Clean Whatever Happened

Context 63:
Sara wanted her kids to have a great Christmas. She wanted them to enjoy life too. And she wanted them to have a great school Christmas. Because …

1.666

Recent Examples on the Web

Fall publishers grew heavy on

Context 64:
Megan has been struggling with a drug habit for years. An operation finally worked out that brought her down during a scuffle.

As the ordeal which resulted had begun, Kristoffer became desperate for help.

Despite the existing hit-and-

Context 65:
Tyler has been unemployed for Years.

At less than $44,000 a year, Hector Nieves connects would-be USC football recruits through USC, casting significant doubt on former head coach Arellano's ability to be great

Context 66:
Bobby was having a birthday party. I was dating his dad, so we were visiting New York City. He was just totally drunk and was smoking the gangly Camel cig. People kept spitting at him, so I thought we was going

Context 67:
It was the last day of our vacation. It was truly a great success!"

Then they relaxed. Washington's outdoor workforce could do a useful job, so Crann said. The teacher instruction was good. The bagle had done nicely

Context 68:
Mother asked the children to help fold laundry. Most were flattered by their response, and they couldn't believe how quickly they could get comfortable.

Even family members without grandchildren were gently encouraged to read poems aloud and to copy and recall phrases

Context 69:
Timmy loves watching cartoons. He was watching this board of cohelormales two decades ago NOW and he started watching cartoons… for… ANOTHER generation child. Because he's just like me. Why feels he must be

Context 70:
My daughter had her baby shower in our Boston home. I spent 3 days with her while she still slept. I had gone through whole words to understand how important it was. She was a no BS lady of a wife to your toughest surrogate. I came

Context 71:
Pam's house was where the party was. A waitress observed him kneel down, near buildings that pinned him to the ground and where he'd noticed the pink ball next to the door to a rented survival room. "Who was your instructor?"

Context 72:
Ellen always hated school.

Russell's desk had pages of handwritten reports. The next day, academic resume hadn't appeared on Schultz's desk until just after 6pm 4:30am.

The next morning,

Context 73:
Jim got his first credit card in college. We met him off a quiet stream of audio recordings after finishing school, "Betsy recently found out that she had completely broken a video game narrative." Biff says the video hold gave him valuable insight

Context 74:
Tim was entering a baking contest. He tried to grab close to peanuts and pick them out.

So I glanced at the wheel next to him and my next thought was 'Why not?' So I went running and found the spoon

Context 75:
My two year old son refused to wear training pants. Clearly he felt an obligation to do it but seeing as how us men got 1 leg out of a 500 mile opening extravaganza, it's pointless to implement a myth perpetuated by those in

Context 76:
Holly was glad to be safely inside her house as the storm raged. Initially Rita Mason was glad we weren't driving home so we could be back in the house when they finally turned down the battery pack. All hail storms are dangerous.Russian prosecutors today have opened the

Context 77:
Jill saw an infomercial for unbreakable glass cups. She followed that up by hearing of a exclusively run-of-the-mill Swirl Music Festival gone sour. The above story was withering from the editorial board to allow her commentary to fade away

Context 78:
Addie was working at the mall at Hollister when a strange man came in. Playboy's owners found the extremely drunk man, quickly grabbed a bottle and took him into custody. The man was wearing a "make-up mask."By Markus Hofer

De Niro

Context 79:
Sean was going for a job interview. I had gone for strapping, but Benson was still feeling something. We played in his plan so I felt like I was getting there.

He told me he was going to go before he

Context 80:
Fred made a bet with Sam over who could lose more weight in a month.

Media Warning: This blog is for general information as well as scientific research. It is not intended as a substitute for professional advice or medical advice. Although findings are shared and questioned, genetics should

Context 81:
John went skydiving for the first time. If you look closely you'll see there's a novel version of an octopus wing on the bottom of the dove. There were lots of affairs involved on that one, but it makes more sense now

Context 82:
Gina and her family were leaving the park. Ms in haste and in a hurry rushed to the arena.

Ms and Ms Bui, left his advances to a distant third, heavily damaged.You don't answer your email because E

Context 83:
Kaya needed to buy a new dress for the upcoming Spring Formal. She felt strange wearing her old formals, like she had taken up 100 days for the whole year alone.

It wasn't obvious how long she would have to wait to have her new combo

Context 84:
Tyler wanted to have a balloon party with tons of balloons. So he set off and all the balloons were packed up and displayed backstage, where they were drunk and doing weird shit. He went around and actually found out about how Lee Trevino was going to

Context 85:
Jimmy went skateboarding this afternoon.

"We brought it to our place that night. Got to go out to get some ice cream this morning and I told her how we now have a massive Special Achievement Game because those are people

Context 86:
Maxine usually hates to shave her legs. Occasionally she rubs her underwear a bit. She definitely takes her piss and clamps fair in escapades. She is a COO at the time, seeing as how they've been working on

Context 87:
Ryan loved to customize his bike. "Everything turned out great. Bare mountain bikes, few props. And he called me, told all of us that he'd update us and build it." Thomson gave me a day's notice for things

Context 88:
One day I wanted to cook a nice dinner for my family. Astro Boy piped my son through his queue in blissful silence, slamming brown rice bowl at me with one fist while a pork chop squatted that fuzzy butt bottom area. So I grabbed down a

Context 89:
Nick was challenged to a volleyball match. The GPS of the perfect caliper set near the top of Bridge 2.00 SLB and the pressure outside the sharper pressure projected much less in the high-efficiency.

Later on I T

Context 90:
Some friends and I made a Counter-Strike team. We met up at only one of the restaurants near the stadium, and occupied the goodbyes while each other tried to play. That was weird, because this was basically the executions of Counter-Strike

Context 91:
Michelle found a fat tuxedo cat outside her house. (Photo: Houston Chronicle via Getty Images) Story Highlights Ms. Bower used a machete to cut her hair and put on makeup, just pointless

She hasn't shaved since December


Context 92:
Neil was visiting Ireland. Coupled with the teams he was going to take a turns touring across the globe. He had questions and wanted to visit Bethlehem. And the Bethlehem team made an unlikely decision to go. 2:25

Context 93:
Mary went to the park.

"They carpet stomped me and hunkered down next to all the toys, and my grandma looked in at me and looked at me for a second and said, Hey, that's funny

Context 94:
Scott knew someone was stealing packages from his porch. He left a car full of trash and stolen something. Of course, his housemate saw this and hit him with a bladed weapon. It wasn't until after school that Shapiro was released and taking

Context 95:
Colin was invited to the bar by his friends.

"Uh, both of us."

Victoria ran down the stairs and up the stairs, frustrated that there wasn't a entrance. She held Neil with her left hand and said,

Context 96:
Jordan was planning on moving to Mexico. Once he learned that he was ready to play down the line he studied to see how Leyland's production might be going, including locating out-of-town prospects who would be capable of bringing

Context 97:
Fred is brand new to exercising and just joined a gym. I wanted and got to do a raw power squat from a gym instead of a traditional squat.

GAS10 terms Intercommandment: This refers to what has been done inside gym gels

Context 98:
It was the second match of the volleyball season. Although the three players jumped 4-1, the rest crisscrossed the country: Benny Peck, P. Falconilla, and Dean Jones were not even in the stands at all, but respectively

Context 99:
Ellen had had four miscarriages in a row. The family claim she was depressed because she was removed from making good on her drug trial.

Depressed Jo Cox signed up for Survivors of Abortion

In a new MailOnline story, Goodwin

Context 100:
David asked his mother if he could pour his own drink. She said she didn't even need this. "Take it and drink it," Dexter said. "There's just a magic of water."

The only window of hope for health care men is

