Top-P Decoding Outputs:

Context 1:
Rick grew up in a troubled household. He has since moved to New Orleans, where he understands what it means to live in need and understands that this is not a place for personal growth and expansion.

Like Beth Meyers, Kai

Context 2:
Laverne needs to prepare something for her friend's party. She'll go to Grandma and bring home the big bomb. The mood strikes, now that he's in the middle of getting it. And how long is it going to be?

She

Context 3:
Sarah had been dreaming of visiting Europe for years. The guards kept his dreams in perspective. He was conscious of his isolation in a room full of children and mothers, toys sitting in his arms, and nightmares of aging—he was 15 years old when

Context 4:
Gina was worried the cookie dough in the tube would be gross. But she also learned that something had messed up. That a vendor would drive up to her mom's home with a tray of pot smoking toys. Just as she had planned, they brought them over to

Context 5:
It was  my final performance in marching band. It was my last post of the game before CPS. After the game, they decided to call me on VIR-45 and assume this was what I was doing in the game. So I

Context 6:
Jim found an old disposable camera in the bottom of his junk drawer. He wanted to try and buy a camera to take photos of his daughter going to her 2 p.m. special, but they wouldn't be able to be sold.

At age 5,

Context 7:
Ron started his new job as a landscaper today. He's very excited about the concept behind the reworking. "It's a visually appealing piece," he says, "and I think it has a lot of appeal because it's more accessible."


Context 8:
John and Billy became very skilled at beer pong. We sent no soldiers. Two years later we was finally sent to Afghanistan as part of the M1 Task Force, and to resume our British-Chinese mission in Iran at the Suez Canal."


Context 9:
Caroline was a student in medical school.

Read more about the investigation below:A upvote for Chris Stevens who lost in the redraw, was given every ounce of hope he had after yet another one by fans for a backup

Context 10:
Trish hated the outdoors. It was a touch unfair to most women, but that wasn't what scared her most, and that was when she was elected in May 2017 as the youngest woman in a Senate race in Louisiana.


Context 11:
Tony was happy to be going on his first cruise. When asked whether a number or a number he couldn't get, he answered he would "get into".

Some time later Pearl had occasion to contact the people who operated almost an hour from the

Context 12:
Ignacio wants to play a sport while he is in college. "If you're in the game, you might wanna get into your program, but your roots go back at home. I'm on a kind of "youthful gospel choir," going into you

Context 13:
Danny bought a boat. He went down to Monic island to retrieve an explosive chain.

Hans Magnusheimer, the lead investigator, developed the intricate spiral matrix from the debris that holds some of his artwork. The

Context 14:
At school, Mary received an assignment to write an essay about pandas. Her best answer was "This is okay. They are. If they don't fall in line, someone will."

Jay Faubert, a professor of philosophy at the University of California,

Context 15:
Ellen dreamed of winning a prize for her roses.

"I am a daydreamer, and I see that my dreams are always. I always am, and I am the winner for the roses. When I found out that I should live

Context 16:
Jesse had just started fifth grade. That year, there was an obsession with a professor called Carol, the younger of four kids. Carol was one of those people who, while trying to do good, could certainly seem like a bad person

Context 17:
Tiffany was getting overwhelmed at work.

"I was having fun," said Louis, 38, who may have discovered she had a pair of French assault rifles in her shirt pocket. "She said they wouldn't work after, you

Context 18:
Gina misplaced her phone at her grandparents. "Please ask," she says, shaking her head at such sentiments. On the way out, after the nurse fell asleep, she glanced over at the nurse's desk, where she began recording. Her

Context 19:
Alice was getting married in a few weeks. I worked with her for 20 hours a day. She wanted to be a landscaper. And we were marrying later. So we are still married today.

Your husband has some military experience and

Context 20:
Ted loves to go to the movies.


Having such a unique style and sense of humor, he's definitely had some children who are more successful or is more passionate about the band than they are.


How did your approach fit

Context 21:
Nya had been asked on a paintball trip with friends.

- Sightlines

Terror attacks in Pakistan and Afghanistan are under international spotlight in recent months, with more than 80 people killed.

In February, two gunmen and a civilian were killed

Context 22:
All of Javier's friends at school have smartphones. Don't tell them that he is gay, Don't tell him that he's not that cool, or Don't tell him that he's too smart. They have been treated badly. He wasn't

Context 23:
Rachel decided to donate blood at the local blood drive.

"She remembered trying to pass her donations to two fine black mothers trying to keep her sister from going to prom," said Brittany Lopez, a white women's band representative with Bull Meadow.


Context 24:
Ron was watching a high-speed chase on TV. On the way home, he was contacted by a reporter who asked what he did for money. He said he was drunk, wanting to bring them into the past.

"He just said,

Context 25:
Sam loved his old belt. He loved selling them as the school would pay for it.

"You might think that's great." The headmaster breathed, "but I knew you were helping out, so I needed to

Context 26:
Larry bought a new motorcycle.

While these rumors are speculative, the excitement that surrounds the return of Kyle has not exactly been small.

So if you're looking to order a clutchless 2009 Yamaha MP3 or Duc

Context 27:
I went on a blind date a few days ago. She came back later and told me she was happy. We spent time on the first date, and she told me we were on a good run through the next month. She was very supportive and supportive

Context 28:
Sammy's coffee grinder was broken. The copper grill set on fire in one of the windows, its top sagging. The stove floated for a moment until the outside lights revealed its single, burnable bulb. "T'was gonna

Context 29:
Last week Jared was driving to work. "I was like: 'I'm in the truck and the engine is slow.' "

While much of Ryan's noise can be attributed to the fact that he used an Audio-Technica

Context 30:
Joe grew a big batch of peas in his garden. I took the peas from my backyard and stashed them in my pickle jar. I wanted them preserved. I don't want peas that be too long as the rest of your vegetables won't survive

Context 31:
Aliza had a long lost ex-boyfriend she was bound to find. Someone tried to steal his back and she was in the process of killing him.

She wasn't the one who held the house, it was Pugh for kids.

To make sure

Context 32:
Lina went to see how candy canes were made. I was scared for people, and I just kept saying that whoever made the candy didn't know what to make. The next day, Bibi and I went to the factory to see what else she

Context 33:
When I first moved into my house, I didn't know my neighbors. It was something that we didn't talk about for long, but I suppose I can't imagine a longer period.

I walked up to my husband and said, "What can I do?"

Context 34:
Bev had been studying very hard. He had a strong sense of mathematical elegance, his writings were fair and straight, and a bright and fascinating idea. When somebody I thought was very nearsighted showed his information I thought, "Damn!"

Context 35:
We went to Frank Pepe's pizza shop three weeks ago. It was a good experience. I got a good of the ranch sausage and delicious plain sugar zucchini and little parts of pepperoni. I didn't find much original garlic or garlic oil in the

Context 36:
Bernice always wanted to travel to Africa. According to Wilson he never even knew he'd come so soon. Between 1898 and 1895 Mary was the youngest woman born to her husband and they had lived together ever since they married in 1938. Little did

Context 37:
Jim made spinach cookies. The brown version is only six recipes.

One of the reasons I love his recipe is because he like and love he can make both. I wanted this mini mango cookie too! My husband's

Context 38:
Randy's friend gave him directions to his house. There was just one problem. Every house had a "room" , the carpark, bathtub, bathtub smell, or parking lot with the sign. For years the rest of the house had

Context 39:
I decided to go on a bike ride with my brother. At a Bike Bike Meet the evening before he would come get dinner that night. By this time I was just going out of my way to make sure he was about to give him dinner and even more

Context 40:
Anna went to the salon. I ordered her an ice cream cone at the counter but she politely walked away and went home and read what I had ordered. I ended up handing it back and saying she needed to talk.



Context 41:
David and Sarah were friends during childhood. In 1864, Sarah found her husband again.

The John James Neilson brothers, most famous for their book The Woolworths, were born in 1909 and launched the first Woolworths

Context 42:
AJ and his mom were at the grocery store. He runs a regional business and had a kid named Nick Olivenia who was 14 years old.

But the ordeal started at their school gymnasium and became an inescapable theme in

Context 43:
Joe went to the junkyard to find treasures. After reaching the junkyard he found a treasure hidden inside. It was a piece of silver that gave him a way to travel between the different towns and they made a trip to get some treasures.

Context 44:
Priya decided to try a new restaurant. He did it for a long time. His goal is to find something unique and unique that can move with the Indian food economy.

Tribe Fair

Tribe Fair is a mere 25

Context 45:
Karen was assigned a roommate her first year of college. But then she was diagnosed with colon cancer and added her own antibiotic prescription.

Jenner's wife, Andrea, is a journalist with ENS. A frequent contributor, she reports on the economy

Context 46:
We took a family vacation to the beach last year. In the summer we had dinner with friends. We have always wanted to do a picnic with 3 or 4 people from the surf section. After coming back home to my fiancé and raising several kids,

Context 47:
Donald was kind of the class clown. I love to think about how to counterbalance the greatness of the President and the Democratic Party and try to honor his values and present the American Dream for working people at the cost of corporate profits and special

Context 48:
Eddie and Angela hadn't been talking to each other for a long time. When she mentioned the possibility of meeting with Nick, Angela told herself, "Maybe they can come up with something."

They left Grimm's body and walked to the hospital. Angela found it difficult

Context 49:
Rachel adopted a cat over ten Years ago. Since then, she's adopted as much as 1000 cats, 8 cats, and 10 cats that could have been printed (including that one". He asked for "more" after I said it made sense

Context 50:
Jim is a new driver and has never been pulled over before. I am even more excited when he comes out to the station. He has a dark nose. I heard they will send a squad car out to Viva Plantation for me to drive up to the

Context 51:
I love avocados. We've all been there, served, lost, been battered, if I might call it that. They're so delightful to eat and taste…but somehow the stench of death — smoking and acid

Context 52:
David was an author that had trouble finding inspiration for his work. One of his pupils, John Grewal, would be Charles Post, a presidential candidate. Post, also from New Jersey, is not something that most Americans would like to experience.

Which

Context 53:
Boris was addicted to video games. Ano Hutton, who runs The Ringer entertainment outlet, knew in 2009 that he was using vast quantities of RAM. But Cossack thought that did not strike the right balance of speed and

Context 54:
A police officer came down with the flu today. - Simon Martin, NBC News, Baltimore

Miranda Roble, a 23-year-old college student who tried to stop the intruder, says she put on her mask and said she

Context 55:
My friend nathan and his family went to the lake one summer. My dad told me about it. The engine blew up. The school was closed down. For the rest of my life I was here.


I'm never coming back. I'm not a

Context 56:
Gary was a brave child. He was a good boy. And he's doing fine," many will recall what happened at Biscayne Bay High School.

In his teens he played professional football at Memphis, where he earned

Context 57:
Timmy was caught with unpaid parking tickets.

In September, Walsh, Echols, Katz, Young, and Moreall were arrested for being drunk while driving, and two men took photos of Walsh and Young and taunted him by

Context 58:
When I was younger, I went to summer camp. Then I moved to Maryland. That was the first year that, even though we had divided wages for five years (with zero difference between them), every day we had to have someone go to work from

Context 59:
Amber had a lot of things to do this Sunday.

Expert note: The questions featured are courtesy of Emily Blasey Ford, an expert on medical marijuana. See the results here.

10/9/11

COLLE

Context 60:
Eve needed a new couch in her parlor. She threw out one in advance, then tried to change it from how it looks today (only to have her daughter see it on the last night of the Bible Bible World Festival). Luckily, she only

Context 61:
Jason was terrified of spiders. An ordinary man wouldn't come into contact with spiders."


The other large spider, the scaly, malnourished-looking clover, had just grown all the way back to its

Context 62:
Linda began to have problems with a coworker at her job. Eventually, Gizmodo took over the story and published it in an essay called "Sexy Associates Is Weird" from Ari Shapiro in late March 2014. The piece became so effective, it was

Context 63:
Sara wanted her kids to have a great Christmas. The Fox died before Christmas, so she had to have her children in their home.

But her three siblings just got a little older. Of the siblings, Disney was her most powerful friend.

Context 64:
Megan has been struggling with a drug habit for years. Her son died of hepatitis in 2014, and she missed childbearing and asked doctors to open her mouth and mouth teeth.

Her family pleaded with their only son, 26, to go to jail

Context 65:
Tyler has been unemployed for Years. Next month will be a loss for Cheff.) I'll have time to fix my personal cell phone and complete parts for the disassembly of the VLS monitor now that is. I know we had

Context 66:
Bobby was having a birthday party. This year's party is part of MARYLAND STAR BREAKFAST – sign up for the weekly newsletter here, check out our extensive promo code 'MARYLAND' or send us your tickets

Context 67:
It was the last day of our vacation. You'd never know, until you'd have your entire life lined up against us. As if to represent our place in the conversation, we were taking a much broader look at the very top-tier

Context 68:
Mother asked the children to help fold laundry.

When they later folded their own laundry, they broke into tears.

In June, a well-organized counter-offensive broke out in Corsica with about 60 tanks across the country,

Context 69:
Timmy loves watching cartoons.

Still, from her perspective, there are three reasons she doesn't quite get it.

First, since she is a teenager, she does not realize how much change is coming her way

Context 70:
My daughter had her baby shower in our Boston home. My husband had a drink at the house. My daughter had his lemonade at the house and his edamame during the night. What's not to love about all these things?"

He

Context 71:
Pam's house was where the party was. But she was once again so hostile to her left that when the sky hovered over her and the sun shone off and the crown was not more or less rich she took it back. And because at

Context 72:
Ellen always hated school.

"At some point, she said, 'If I start getting out of school, I'd rather live in my own apartment than in someone else's home,'" his wife, Sandy, says

Context 73:
Jim got his first credit card in college. So they bring it in with them and go visit. They remember they are being classified as slaves, just like they're being classified as a player and they start getting told about the paychecks they're

Context 74:
Tim was entering a baking contest. It was March 2011 when McGraw pulled down the crab legs. He chopped the one muscle and then washed the other. "I'm getting mad!" he said with a wry grin.



Context 75:
My two year old son refused to wear training pants. I told him he was going to drop me on the floor.

Please help me when he gets older, because I can't run fast enough. I need to learn to run more efficiently.

Context 76:
Holly was glad to be safely inside her house as the storm raged. She waited a few hours, hoping the surrounding areas would enjoy a more peaceful end. But she soon found herself making difficult choices at home and building a cupboard underneath the sitting that made it almost impossible

Context 77:
Jill saw an infomercial for unbreakable glass cups.

When he couldn't find glass cups to use for his novel, Jill asked for a cardboard cup but there's no reason to use those. Then, a special plastic soft drink arrived.


Context 78:
Addie was working at the mall at Hollister when a strange man came in. Things started to change in this colorful, eight-year-old named Cole who was unable to open her mouth on sight.

He asked what happened next.

He shook his head.

Context 79:
Sean was going for a job interview. The guy who had given him the contract was a mental health professional. He'd never heard of him and there was nothing in his resume that mentioned jobs.

Mr. Hirschman didn't

Context 80:
Fred made a bet with Sam over who could lose more weight in a month. If Sam had true nutritional ability, it wouldn't be possible for him to lose all of his calories.

On November 24, 2011, Sam's phone rang to say he was not eating properly

Context 81:
John went skydiving for the first time. "It was awesome to see us that way," said Archer. "Just having the knowledge that I got there is really, really special."

People from Jacksonville, Washington, D.C.

Context 82:
Gina and her family were leaving the park.

"What I was going to do was go on horseback and hike around to the family restaurant to get my food and have some fun," said Cassidy.

Passengers were having a

Context 83:
Kaya needed to buy a new dress for the upcoming Spring Formal.

He applied to a local local salon to see if he could find some way to help her.

Then the residents at the Reformed Reformed Church were shocked and upset. They couldn

Context 84:
Tyler wanted to have a balloon party with tons of balloons. She was a friend of a former national cheerleader and a co-worker of Jenny Chavez, and he said that it was his favorite time of the day.

"I called everyone and I

Context 85:
Jimmy went skateboarding this afternoon. His paint is pink and his breath smells like leather."

In 2014, he told Denver Sports, "I gave myself a lot of hope and hope for my career, as well." But the

Context 86:
Maxine usually hates to shave her legs. Unfortunately, she found this issue about a decade ago, when someone in France tried to shave her head with a razor. That person could only have just noticed and decided to just cut her legs off.

Context 87:
Ryan loved to customize his bike. He doesn't know the story behind it. He could drive his Chevy Catamaran.

As both parents are thoughtful, thoughtful, thoughtful, thoughtful kids who care for you, I'm sure

Context 88:
One day I wanted to cook a nice dinner for my family. I was not hungry; but I wanted to eat nice as well. This was the time when I think I managed to prove that I was good at my job. And also, as an experiment,

Context 89:
Nick was challenged to a volleyball match. I saw Mr. Bergenbach come in the middle to buy gloves, one of the top selling gloves on the market. We did not come to the match.

He started by talking and

Context 90:
Some friends and I made a Counter-Strike team. When JGP arrived in Frankfurt, we just started making games. There are a lot of great multiplayer systems. It's like World of Warcraft," Seleeney says. "In doing so,

Context 91:
Michelle found a fat tuxedo cat outside her house. They kept him for about six weeks and he was down to 12 pounds.

Pet owners are warning the dog to be very careful for the time being after the attack.

"He's

Context 92:
Neil was visiting Ireland. After that he left after a quick lunch but at the request of Guy after he read about all these world renowned creatures and then went back to the United States, Ireland, Canada, and Europe.


Context 93:
Mary went to the park. "It's really not a zoo."

I stayed up until half the time. After going for 24 hours and coming home before Thanksgiving, it became obvious that Amy was ignoring the six chinch

Context 94:
Scott knew someone was stealing packages from his porch. Something he'd never done before.

Everything worked together, and in good time for almost all of three months after the assault, Clements opened up.

'I remember the first time

Context 95:
Colin was invited to the bar by his friends.

"She pushed it on me," he says.

He pushed on his glasses, only to let out a gasp of terror as he strolled through the bar. When he found the

Context 96:
Jordan was planning on moving to Mexico. Now that he's settled in, Ohio State has some sturdiness to it, as they've already invited all of their mid-major conference commits to the Buckeyes' new campus. And we

Context 97:
Fred is brand new to exercising and just joined a gym. There's so much positive, she'll even gain a couple pounds…oh the promise is amazing! Unfortunately, she has hair, so she might not get the desire and the physical signs of being a

Context 98:
It was the second match of the volleyball season.

Kris Mumford, who came to Stoke City from Plymouth in 2008, was selected with the 7th best international selection of the new squad.

Sulfad, who made seven

Context 99:
Ellen had had four miscarriages in a row. "My mother, born in April 1859, has five." Hana E. Budero, editor of Focus on Sex and Feminism, delivered her 1973 essay "Woman's Complementarity"

Context 100:
David asked his mother if he could pour his own drink. "It was cool in here. Yes, it was cooler," his mother replied. "But if you asked me about it, I could talk about it only a little bit. They probably gave the

