Rick grew up in a troubled household. He never found good support in family, and turned to gangs. It wasn't long before Rick got shot in a robbery. The incident caused him to turn a new leaf. 
Laverne needs to prepare something for her friend's party. She decides to bake a batch of brownies. She chooses a recipe and follows it closely. Laverne tests one of the brownies to make sure it is delicious. 
Sarah had been dreaming of visiting Europe for years. She had finally saved enough for the trip. She landed in Spain and traveled east across the continent. She didn't like how different everything was. 
Gina was worried the cookie dough in the tube would be gross. She was very happy to find she was wrong. The cookies from the tube were as good as from scratch. Gina intended to only eat 2 cookies and save the rest. 
It was  my final performance in marching band. I was playing the snare drum in the band. We played Thriller and Radar Love. The performance was flawless. 
Jim found an old disposable camera in the bottom of his junk drawer. He began snapping away at everything around him. The counter clicked down to one final photo. The gravity of the situation began to dawn on Jim. 
Ron started his new job as a landscaper today. He loves the outdoors and has always enjoyed working in it. His boss tells him to re-sod the front yard of the mayor's home. Ron is ecstatic, but does a thorough job and finishes super early. 
John and Billy became very skilled at beer pong. They entered a contest in college. They won the contest and advanced to the next level. The next level sent them to Vegas. 
Caroline was a student in medical school. Caroline worked very hard to get good grades. One day Caroline failed a test by one point. Caroline was very frustrated but she continued to study hard. 
Trish hated the outdoors. Her friends convinced her to go camping. She wasn't having a good time. They showed her how to fish and showed her the stars. 
Tony was happy to be going on his first cruise. He arrived at the docks and was ready with all his luggage. When he walked around the corner he couldn't believe the size of it. He boarded and the ship left the docks. 
Ignacio wants to play a sport while he is in college. Since he was a good swimmer, he decides to try out for swim the team. Ignacio makes it onto the team easily. At the first swim meet, Ignacio wins second place! 
Danny bought a boat. His nearby marina was having a race. He decided to enter. Danny and his best friend manned the boat. 
At school, Mary received an assignment to write an essay about pandas. Luckily, Mary loved pandas, as was excited to get started. As soon as she got home, Mary booted up her computer and began. She wrote about all she knew and researched a little too! 
Ellen dreamed of winning a prize for her roses. She planned to enter her special purple rose at the fair. She fertilized the rose bush and covered it each night. The roses grew more beautiful every day. 
Jesse had just started fifth grade. He tried to make friends with the other boys, but he couldn't. He decided to make friends with the girls instead. They girls welcomed him into their social groups happily. 
Tiffany was getting overwhelmed at work. While she liked her job, she longed for a break. One day, she tripped outside on uneven pavement. She broke her ankle and had to be off work for a couple months. 
Gina misplaced her phone at her grandparents. It wasn't in the living room. She had been in the car before napping in the living room. She grabbed her dad's keys and ran outside. 
Alice was getting married in a few weeks. One night, her mother called and she forgot to call her back. Her mother left an angry message on her phone. She threatened not to come to the wedding. 
Ted loves to go to the movies. He sees almost everyone and votes at the Oscars. He has a big party for the Oscars and they all place bets. Ted almost always wins with the movies he chooses. 
Nya had been asked on a paintball trip with friends. She was nervous about going. But she went anyways, hoping to have fun. She shot paintballs at her friends and laughed the whole time. 
All of Javier's friends at school have smartphones. However, he still uses an old style flip phone. One day he decides to buy a smartphone too. At first he loves having the access to internet everywhere he goes. 
Rachel decided to donate blood at the local blood drive. She was a little nervous because this was her first time. The next day Rachel received a call from the doctor that she saw. The doctor told her that he had bad news. 
Ron was watching a high-speed chase on TV. The cop was chasing the bad guy through his neighborhood. It was terrifying! But then the cop caught the bad guy. 
Sam loved his old belt. He matched it with everything. Unfortunately he gained too much weight. It became too small. 
Larry bought a new motorcycle. He was excited to look cool. The first time he tried riding it he dropped it. He hurt his leg and had to go to the hospital. 
I went on a blind date a few days ago. She was cute and friendly. We were set up through a co worker. We seem to have some things in common. 
Sammy's coffee grinder was broken. He needed something to crush up his coffee beans. He put his coffee beans in a plastic bag. He tried crushing them with a hammer. 
Last week Jared was driving to work. He had been partying hard the night before. He didn't get any sleep. Before he knew it his car was facing oncoming traffic. 
Joe grew a big batch of peas in his garden. He brought the peas inside and shelled them all. Then he cooked them up in a big pot. He added ham, bacon, and carrots to make thick pea soup. 
Aliza had a long lost ex-boyfriend she was bound to find. The problem was, he moved to a new state. She decided to use Facebook to find him. She found him, but he was married with kids. 
Lina went to see how candy canes were made. She watched as the workers added dye to the hot candy. Then, they stretched it out to make it shiny. Finally, they shaped it into a cane and let it cool. 
When I first moved into my house, I didn't know my neighbors. While mowing one day, I found a kickball in my yard. I felt this was the perfect opportunity to meet my neighbors. I grabbed the ball and went next door to return it. 
Bev had been studying very hard. She couldn't wait for the weekend. When it came, she slept in very late. Then she got up and went out to party. 
We went to Frank Pepe's pizza shop three weeks ago. The chain is quite famous in Connecticut. The chain recently opened in Boston. We went early to beat the crowd. 
Bernice always wanted to travel to Africa. Bernice decided she would take a trip for her birthday next year. Bernice started to look at the price of airline tickets for the trip. In addition, Bernice looked up the price of hotels as well. 
Jim made spinach cookies. He sold them for five dollars each. No one bought any. However, at the last minute a man wanted twenty. 
Randy's friend gave him directions to his house. He was supposed to take a right after the white house. Randy continued to get lost. He backtracked continuously until he finally found it. 
I decided to go on a bike ride with my brother. We both headed out in the morning. We were having a lot of fun. Suddenly, he hit a rock and broke his wheel! 
Anna went to the salon. She was getting her nails done for the first time. She was nervous, but the tech was friendly. He did her nails quickly and expertly. 
David and Sarah were friends during childhood. When they went to college, each moved to a different town. Sarah received an unexpected call from David on Friday. They had dinner and talked about their lives. 
AJ and his mom were at the grocery store. Aj was looking at a cereal box and when he looked up his mom was gone. He immediately started to feel panic. Then his mom stepped out from behind a display of soup. 
Joe went to the junkyard to find treasures. He dug through a stack of old clothes. At the bottom was a vintage shirt with a rock band on it. Joe put the shirt on to try it out. 
Priya decided to try a new restaurant. She drove to a new cafe that opened. Priya sat at a booth. She ordered a mimosa and a breakfast burrito. 
Karen was assigned a roommate her first year of college. One day, her roommate asked her to go to a nearby city for a concert. Karen agreed happily. The show was absolutely exhilarating. 
We took a family vacation to the beach last year. I spent a lot of time reading with my mom on the beach. One day while reading, I got stung by a horrible beach wasp. My arm swelled and was painful, I almost had to go to the hospital. 
Donald was kind of the class clown. He wanted to be class president. So he figured if he acted like an idiot people would vote for him. He would get up and just yell and be foolish. 
Eddie and Angela hadn't been talking to each other for a long time. They lived in their house together like strangers. Finally, they sat down and agreed, it was time for a divorce. Eddie went to the courthouse and filed the paperwork. 
Rachel adopted a cat over ten Years ago. Suddenly, the cat was acting more lethargic and losing weight. Concerned, Rachel took her cat to the vet. The vet told Rachel that her cat had developed cancer. 
Jim is a new driver and has never been pulled over before. Yesterday he was pulled over for speeding. The officer explained to him why he was being given a ticket. Jim will have to work overtime to pay for the ticket. 
I love avocados. I ate a sandwich covered in them. After I ate it, my mouth was itchy and tingly. I talked to my doctor about it later. 
David was an author that had trouble finding inspiration for his work. One day he had a dream of him being in a post apocalyptic world. He thought that this was destiny and began to write his thoughts. Eventually he had hundreds of pages written. 
Boris was addicted to video games. His mother was concerned. She called a psychologist to get help. The psychologist tried to convince Boris to stop his addiction. 
A police officer came down with the flu today. He was unable to go into work as he could barely get out of bed. His wife spent time taking care of him and making sure he was okay. He made sure to drink enough and eat enough. 
My friend nathan and his family went to the lake one summer. One day Nathan's dad left and didn't leave a lighter for his mom. Well his mom was very upset and made him walk to the store barefoot. Poor Nathan had to walk down a gravel road to bring his mom matches. 
Gary was a brave child. One day he decided to climb over the fence in his backyard. His parents looked all over for him. They found him sitting on the swing at the park. 
Timmy was caught with unpaid parking tickets. He didn't have enough money to pay for them. Instead he had to be arrested and jailed for two days. He lost his jobs for missing work. 
When I was younger, I went to summer camp. We had a lot of fun playing games with the counselors. My favorite thing to do was play cards. The camp counselors knew so many different card games. 
Amber had a lot of things to do this Sunday. She made a list of all the places she needed to go. She hurried to get ready. She was worried that she would not have enough time. 
Eve needed a new couch in her parlor. But she could not afford to buy one! Then she went to a secondhand store and found a great one. She had it delivered and set up in her living room. 
Jason was terrified of spiders. He went to a therapist and discussed his fear. His therapist said he should confront his fear to overcome it. Jason's homework was to look for a spider in his basement. 
Linda began to have problems with a coworker at her job. The coworker had started bossing her around at work. The coworker even talked behind her back. Linda went to her boss with the issue and the boss mediated them. 
Sara wanted her kids to have a great Christmas. She saved all year and started her shopping in November. She shopped deals and spent all her savings. She spent two days wrapping dozens of presents. 
Megan has been struggling with a drug habit for years. She hit rock bottom when she lost her family and kids. Her distant family decided to stage an intervention. After the event, she got into a rehab facility. 
Tyler has been unemployed for Years. He has spent the last few months diligently applying for work. However, all of his applications are rejected. The rejections contribute to Tyler's feelings of desperation. 
Bobby was having a birthday party. His friends bought him a huge cake. A woman jumped out of the cake. Bobby was surprised and amused. 
It was the last day of our vacation. We were eating lunch on the patio of the hotel. We laughed and smiled because it was a great vacation. Then we packed our bags and drove to the airport. 
Mother asked the children to help fold laundry. The children took the clean clothes into the living room. They dumped the clothes on the floor. They folded the clothes neatly into piles. 
Timmy loves watching cartoons. His parents don't let him watch unless he does his chores. Today's chore is to clean his room. Timmy's room is a mess. 
My daughter had her baby shower in our Boston home. She invited friends and family in the area. Her old college roommate lives in Hawaii. She decided to surprise my daughter by flying 4800 miles. 
Pam's house was where the party was. Everyone bought gifts. Pam bought a cake. Everyone danced and had fun! 
Ellen always hated school. The kids made fun of her every day. They called her smelly Elly. She decided to start taking baths. 
Jim got his first credit card in college. He didn't have a job so he bought everything on his card. After he graduated he amounted a $10,000 debt. Jim realized that he was foolish to spend so much money. 
Tim was entering a baking contest. He decided to make his famous donuts. He made a big batch and entered them into the contest. The judges thought they were delicious. 
My two year old son refused to wear training pants. He always begged to wear a diaper. One day, out of frustration, I let him remain naked. He went to the potty and used it when I wasn't looking. 
Holly was glad to be safely inside her house as the storm raged. She was watching the storm as she heard a loud crack. Lightning had hit a tree beside the house. She stared as she watched it fall. 
Jill saw an infomercial for unbreakable glass cups. She was amazed and ordered them. When Jill received the cups, she wanted to test them. She dropped one on her hardwood floor. 
Addie was working at the mall at Hollister when a strange man came in. Before she knew it, Addie looked behind her and saw stolen clothes. Addie got scared and tried to chase the man out. Luckily guards came and arrested him. 
Sean was going for a job interview. He arrived at the business and asked for the manager. The manager took him to the back and interviewed him. Then, the manager showed him around and explained the job. 
Fred made a bet with Sam over who could lose more weight in a month. Fred really wanted to win the bet, which was for $100. Fred worked out daily, avoided fast food, and skipped dinner. At the end of the month Fred was feeling confident he would win. 
John went skydiving for the first time. He went with an instructor on a plane into the air. He screamed when they jumped. John was terribly afraid of heights and passed out. 
Gina and her family were leaving the park. They had been there all afternoon. Now they were going to her aunt's house. Gina begged to be dropped off at her grandma's 
Kaya needed to buy a new dress for the upcoming Spring Formal. She went to the mall with several of her friends. The girls all had a good time visiting shops and trying on dresses. Kaya found a dress that she loved that was a nice coral color. 
Tyler wanted to have a balloon party with tons of balloons. He and his friends and his parents blew up the balloons. He and his friends played with the balloons and had a lot of fun. They got tired and watched a movie and had dinner. 
Jimmy went skateboarding this afternoon. It was the third time this week. He's getting good at it and really likes it. He fell once but hasn't given up. 
Maxine usually hates to shave her legs. She doesn't like the feeling of using a razor. One night Maxine has a big date and decides to wear a dress. She shaves her legs for the occasion. 
Ryan loved to customize his bike. He decided to add some LED lights to the bike frame and wheels. He ordered the parts from eBay. When they arrived, he assembled them. 
One day I wanted to cook a nice dinner for my family. I decided to cook spaghetti. I boiled the noodles and put the sauce in a pot on the stove. I turned the stove on too high. 
Nick was challenged to a volleyball match. His girlfriend bet him five dollars she could beat him. Nick did not intend to let her win! He played hard and mercilessly. 
Some friends and I made a Counter-Strike team. We practiced a lot for an upcoming tournament. We got to the tournament and went over strategies. We played a tough 6 games. 
Michelle found a fat tuxedo cat outside her house. She put up posters all over her neighborhood. After three weeks, no one had called Michelle about the cat. Michelle decided to keep the cat for herself. 
Neil was visiting Ireland. His train had just arrived in Derry. As he disembarked, he caught his breath. It was as gorgeous as a fairy tale! 
Mary went to the park. She wanted to show off her new dress. A bird flew over Mary and pooped. Her dress became covered in bird poop. 
Scott knew someone was stealing packages from his porch. He set up a surveillance camera near his door. He felt that he would at least have a video of the thief. One day, Scott saw footage of the perpetrator. 
Colin was invited to the bar by his friends. He loves beer but thinks it's too expensive at the bars. He decided to go anyway. He gave himself a budget. 
Jordan was planning on moving to Mexico. Jordan decided that he should learn Spanish. He ended up purchasing a language learning program from Amazon. Everyday he worked on the program for at least 2 hours. 
Fred is brand new to exercising and just joined a gym. He was amazing at how expensive a personal trainer was. He wanted to get into shape but couldn't afford the rates. He found personal trainer routines online for free. 
It was the second match of the volleyball season. Amy was hopeful she would get a chance to play. After the first game they were ahead. Her coach put her in the game. 
Ellen had had four miscarriages in a row. Her husband Tim despaired of ever becoming a dad. Then the doctor called him at work. He told him that there was great news about Ellen. 
David asked his mother if he could pour his own drink. His mother agreed, but warned him to be careful. David accidentally knocked over his glass which shattered everywhere. His mother cheerfully forgave David. 
