Rick grew up in a troubled household.
Laverne needs to prepare something for her friend's party.
Sarah had been dreaming of visiting Europe for years.
Gina was worried the cookie dough in the tube would be gross.
It was  my final performance in marching band.
Jim found an old disposable camera in the bottom of his junk drawer.
Ron started his new job as a landscaper today.
John and Billy became very skilled at beer pong.
Caroline was a student in medical school.
Trish hated the outdoors.
Tony was happy to be going on his first cruise.
Ignacio wants to play a sport while he is in college.
Danny bought a boat.
At school, Mary received an assignment to write an essay about pandas.
Ellen dreamed of winning a prize for her roses.
Jesse had just started fifth grade.
Tiffany was getting overwhelmed at work.
Gina misplaced her phone at her grandparents.
Alice was getting married in a few weeks.
Ted loves to go to the movies.
Nya had been asked on a paintball trip with friends.
All of Javier's friends at school have smartphones.
Rachel decided to donate blood at the local blood drive.
Ron was watching a high-speed chase on TV.
Sam loved his old belt.
Larry bought a new motorcycle.
I went on a blind date a few days ago.
Sammy's coffee grinder was broken.
Last week Jared was driving to work.
Joe grew a big batch of peas in his garden.
Aliza had a long lost ex-boyfriend she was bound to find.
Lina went to see how candy canes were made.
When I first moved into my house, I didn't know my neighbors.
Bev had been studying very hard.
We went to Frank Pepe's pizza shop three weeks ago.
Bernice always wanted to travel to Africa.
Jim made spinach cookies.
Randy's friend gave him directions to his house.
I decided to go on a bike ride with my brother.
Anna went to the salon.
David and Sarah were friends during childhood.
AJ and his mom were at the grocery store.
Joe went to the junkyard to find treasures.
Priya decided to try a new restaurant.
Karen was assigned a roommate her first year of college.
We took a family vacation to the beach last year.
Donald was kind of the class clown.
Eddie and Angela hadn't been talking to each other for a long time.
Rachel adopted a cat over ten Years ago.
Jim is a new driver and has never been pulled over before.
I love avocados.
David was an author that had trouble finding inspiration for his work.
Boris was addicted to video games.
A police officer came down with the flu today.
My friend nathan and his family went to the lake one summer.
Gary was a brave child.
Timmy was caught with unpaid parking tickets.
When I was younger, I went to summer camp.
Amber had a lot of things to do this Sunday.
Eve needed a new couch in her parlor.
Jason was terrified of spiders.
Linda began to have problems with a coworker at her job.
Sara wanted her kids to have a great Christmas.
Megan has been struggling with a drug habit for years.
Tyler has been unemployed for Years.
Bobby was having a birthday party.
It was the last day of our vacation.
Mother asked the children to help fold laundry.
Timmy loves watching cartoons.
My daughter had her baby shower in our Boston home.
Pam's house was where the party was.
Ellen always hated school.
Jim got his first credit card in college.
Tim was entering a baking contest.
My two year old son refused to wear training pants.
Holly was glad to be safely inside her house as the storm raged.
Jill saw an infomercial for unbreakable glass cups.
Addie was working at the mall at Hollister when a strange man came in.
Sean was going for a job interview.
Fred made a bet with Sam over who could lose more weight in a month.
John went skydiving for the first time.
Gina and her family were leaving the park.
Kaya needed to buy a new dress for the upcoming Spring Formal.
Tyler wanted to have a balloon party with tons of balloons.
Jimmy went skateboarding this afternoon.
Maxine usually hates to shave her legs.
Ryan loved to customize his bike.
One day I wanted to cook a nice dinner for my family.
Nick was challenged to a volleyball match.
Some friends and I made a Counter-Strike team.
Michelle found a fat tuxedo cat outside her house.
Neil was visiting Ireland.
Mary went to the park.
Scott knew someone was stealing packages from his porch.
Colin was invited to the bar by his friends.
Jordan was planning on moving to Mexico.
Fred is brand new to exercising and just joined a gym.
It was the second match of the volleyball season.
Ellen had had four miscarriages in a row.
David asked his mother if he could pour his own drink.
