Outputs for Temperature=1.0, k=30

Context 1:
Rick grew up in a troubled household. He spent most of his childhood fighting with family and friends. He became a devout Christian in high school and then entered the priesthood. He continued to study religious studies while working as a missionary, working from

Context 2:
Laverne needs to prepare something for her friend's party. If not, she should probably get a new one, perhaps with a more comfortable face.

The only things left for her are a few bottles of wine, a cigarette, a small, but

Context 3:
Sarah had been dreaming of visiting Europe for years. She wanted to spend the next few years traveling the world and be a bit more involved with her family, but she was also interested in the world outside of the classroom. She went to France and was

Context 4:
Gina was worried the cookie dough in the tube would be gross. The recipe calls for a mixture of brown sugar and vanilla extract, plus a pinch of salt if you like. It's all mixed in with some of the flour, and this is a perfect starter starter

Context 5:
It was  my final performance in marching band. I had been waiting for this, and now I'm really happy to have a chance to do it."

Sidney added: "We've got to continue to build on our work,

Context 6:
Jim found an old disposable camera in the bottom of his junk drawer.

"I thought, 'I should use it to film this stuff,' " said Michael. "The first thing I used was a GoPro. In my case, that was not good enough.

Context 7:
Ron started his new job as a landscaper today.

"It was about time I put in my new gig as a landscaper," he said, "and I didn't have time to think about it."

Betsy and Bill got

Context 8:
John and Billy became very skilled at beer pong.

I love to say that this is an opportunity, that's my own contribution, to show people that it's not only not a game but also something that you know is possible. You're

Context 9:
Caroline was a student in medical school. She would later meet with an undercover FBI agent who had investigated the sale of cocaine at a Denver restaurant.

In the summer of 1985 the informant was contacted by a DEA agent working with the Drug

Context 10:
Trish hated the outdoors. But her brother was a outdoors guy, and so she didn't want his approval. She went to a local high school and found that she also liked hiking. She went into graduate school, where she

