Outputs for Temperature=0.75, k=30

Context 1:
Rick grew up in a troubled household. He went to high school in Brooklyn where he studied for a master's degree in environmental science and then went on to work as a consultant with the EPA. He's been involved with the environmental movement since

Context 2:
Laverne needs to prepare something for her friend's party. She knows she can't have a happy ending with the others unless she wins. And as her friends get ready for the next battle, she's forced to confront her own weaknesses.

Moe

Context 3:
Sarah had been dreaming of visiting Europe for years. "I went down and met all these great people," she said. "You would think they were the best or worst.

"I'm sure if I had a friend who knew people and

Context 4:
Gina was worried the cookie dough in the tube would be gross.

"I'm not going to lie to you, you know, the first time I saw the cookie dough, I thought it looked like it was going to be a very big cookie dough,"

Context 5:
It was  my final performance in marching band. I had just completed a tour and was looking forward to it. I was feeling a little bit nervous because I was getting ready for the big show, but it was going to be awesome. I was

Context 6:
Jim found an old disposable camera in the bottom of his junk drawer. He was a little concerned about how it would look on him, but he quickly got to work. It took him almost a year to find and remove it, but when he finally got around to doing

Context 7:
Ron started his new job as a landscaper today.

"I worked on a lot of the projects, and so I really enjoyed being a part of that," she said of being a part of so many projects. "I have no idea how

Context 8:
John and Billy became very skilled at beer pong. They also had a great time at The Brewhouse. We met when we were in my second year in college.

The Brewhouse was a great experience for us to try our hand at beer

Context 9:
Caroline was a student in medical school. It's a very small town and she never really knew it yet.

"In my opinion, it was a good thing. People were so excited about it."

Ms Miller lives in

Context 10:
Trish hated the outdoors.

"What do you do?" he asked.

"Wear a hat," he said, "and go to the park."

"You'll get some money at that,"

