Outputs for Temperature=1.25, k=30

Context 1:
Rick grew up in a troubled household. He never imagined that, until then, he would one day be an "angel". He spent most of his lives watching an army of young children grow up.

He saw the power of children

Context 2:
Laverne needs to prepare something for her friend's party. She's on a roll. It's hard.

"I need this," Sheeran admits at this point.

He's standing there for a second, the voice breaking. "

Context 3:
Sarah had been dreaming of visiting Europe for years. It made her sad. "You have my heart broken, how I have lost you." A moment passed and she stood up in the middle of her seat and hugged him tightly. Her face was dark

Context 4:
Gina was worried the cookie dough in the tube would be gross. She thought what she put in one bowl probably wouldn't be eaten until the second. If only because there were three, they looked different. When a third had become available to the group, she felt

Context 5:
It was  my final performance in marching band.  In it, I said some things that were about being a good soldier because of being my age,  which I had never said.  I took no action except saying it on

Context 6:
Jim found an old disposable camera in the bottom of his junk drawer. After cleaning it up, she found something inside. Inherited from that old old, she opened the plastic baggie, handed her camera back to Blake with a "I don't think so?"

Context 7:
Ron started his new job as a landscaper today. He said he was a young lady and the woman was a neighbor and had told him that she was his neighbor after they left his daughter.

"She asked him, 'Are you with her

Context 8:
John and Billy became very skilled at beer pong. When we first took over, he called Billy and we played.
Walking around, we'd get a group of guys, some of us just had very big names, a little kids (who

Context 9:
Caroline was a student in medical school. The professor had been working during the time we studied. It took her several years to settle into her academic program. The professor gave him the chance to work with her in order to get paid for doing

Context 10:
Trish hated the outdoors. And his kids hated being outdoors. Now she was running into a homeless man who had her arm dangling, too.

"A few years back I just started hanging out here," she said.

