Outputs for Temperature=1.0, k=60

Context 1:
Rick grew up in a troubled household. She was married with seven kids. All of those years, she watched her five kids grow up: the youngest was a girl named Leah, and the most important was a seven-year-old named

Context 2:
Laverne needs to prepare something for her friend's party. "We will be all over the party," he says.

"It seems like the town is so crowded out by the homeless that the only way that one can see that the homeless are going

Context 3:
Sarah had been dreaming of visiting Europe for years. During her first three years she had to drive in her car for most of the day. She could barely walk outside the house, and couldn't reach a house beyond a half room. She was tired

Context 4:
Gina was worried the cookie dough in the tube would be gross. The next day she walked along the hallway of the room with a bag of cookies. When she went out to find a bag and found herself staring out the window, she didn't notice any of her

Context 5:
It was  my final performance in marching band. We played before the public (yes - at least they were dancing like kids) and after a little while there was a great view... and the band ran off... but in the end it was just

Context 6:
Jim found an old disposable camera in the bottom of his junk drawer. Something about wearing a condom around your dick that said, "Oh, I will have none of that at home, I want a boyfriend and a girlfriend who are just like me."

It was

Context 7:
Ron started his new job as a landscaper today. "People just kind of just don't give a damn," he said. "But sometimes it's just good for you."

By 9:30 a.m., the work crews had started

Context 8:
John and Billy became very skilled at beer pong. But now they're tired of watching the game.

"I'll get that in some sort of fashion, but I'm going to be very active," the rapper said. "Because it's

Context 9:
Caroline was a student in medical school. She was the oldest member of the group and a regular person of the first. One day, around 1825 her companion went aboard the vessel to look for her father and her father's corpse. The

Context 10:
Trish hated the outdoors. And just as an atheist, he hated the family to the point where he didn't actually get them out of his life until the next moment or so, so he would never forgive those who had treated

