Outputs for Temperature=0.75, k=60

Context 1:
Rick grew up in a troubled household.

"We had a bad relationship with him and he treated us poorly," said his brother, Steve.

Her first husband was a retired lieutenant general, after which she married a firefighter in

Context 2:
Laverne needs to prepare something for her friend's party. "I think she's going to need something that's not only fun, but also safe and quiet," she says. "I think she will want to go to college and attend college, but I

Context 3:
Sarah had been dreaming of visiting Europe for years. "I was really scared when I saw that he was going to be there and wanted to be there. He was a lovely man and I am sure it was an incredible experience."It's official

Context 4:
Gina was worried the cookie dough in the tube would be gross. She and the other girl were worried about the way it would taste. The two girls were at work, so they were working very hard, and the guy was getting really close. The girls were still

Context 5:
It was  my final performance in marching band. I had to retire. I was just hoping it would be fun. I was a little nervous at the time, but then, after my final performance, I found out that I had had a terrible

Context 6:
Jim found an old disposable camera in the bottom of his junk drawer. It had been purchased by a young man called Peter, who was very unhappy with the camera, and in his frustration, he cut it open and saw that it had been purchased from another man, who

Context 7:
Ron started his new job as a landscaper today. He is one of the best people I know. He is a good friend and has kept me very busy. I was told he has recently moved to San Francisco, and that his life is going to

Context 8:
John and Billy became very skilled at beer pong.

Billy and Billy decided to go to the back on the way to the brewery and get some beer. The brewery was packed and Billy and Billy bought a cart to take them to the back where

Context 9:
Caroline was a student in medical school. In his final year I had a car accident and it was terrible. I was like 'I want to get a job, I need a car, I need to get it. My mind would be

Context 10:
Trish hated the outdoors.

"I felt like I was doing something wrong," he said.

He remembers his father telling him he couldn't find a place to park on the top of his school building because it

