Outputs for Temperature=1.0, k=5

Context 1:
Rick grew up in a troubled household. He was a single father who worked at an auto repair shop. But he didn't have the same financial problems as his older brother. He had been diagnosed with cancer and was struggling to make ends meet

Context 2:
Laverne needs to prepare something for her friend's party. He is also a big fan of the show.

"I don't think she wants to get into it," he says. "She wants to get to know the guys. I don't

Context 3:
Sarah had been dreaming of visiting Europe for years.

She told the BBC: "I've never really felt like travelling. I think that's what I was thinking when I started.

"The first time I went to a museum in

Context 4:
Gina was worried the cookie dough in the tube would be gross. She said, "I just want to make sure it's not too gross. It's a little bit too soft. I don't know if that's a problem."

"I think we

Context 5:
It was  my final performance in marching band. The last day was on the 10th of May. The last day was the 20th of June. I went to the theatre with a band and I went to my room with a band.


Context 6:
Jim found an old disposable camera in the bottom of his junk drawer. He took it out to check it out, and it had an amazing view of his family and the people that were around them. It was a very nice camera, but it was very expensive.


Context 7:
Ron started his new job as a landscaper today. He said it's a good way to start a new life. He said he's happy with the new home he has in his home.

"I feel like we are going to have a

Context 8:
John and Billy became very skilled at beer pong. The two had a love of music and were very good friends, and they had a very good time. I had never seen Billy in my life and he was very friendly and very friendly with me.

Context 9:
Caroline was a student in medical school.

"I'm a little surprised that they took her, but I don't think it was an isolated case," said Dr. John P. Schmitt, director of the Center for the Study

Context 10:
Trish hated the outdoors. "I don't like to go outside in my life, but there are some people in my life who do," she told me recently. "They are the most dangerous people in the world. And

