Outputs for Temperature=1.25, k=60

Context 1:
Rick grew up in a troubled household. It's been eight years since his grandmother got shot so, and he admits she wasn't as caring to him as he thinks. He remembers his father telling him not to cry as things got better.

Context 2:
Laverne needs to prepare something for her friend's party. Not only does she have to prepare a bed and put it down, but also provide her with a phone and make enough calls to keep the babysitter in touch, and he will only be able to

Context 3:
Sarah had been dreaming of visiting Europe for years. With her, and so many others along the way, she learned more of my own language, particularly the intricacies of language that came up after my father passed away. She was an important young sister

Context 4:
Gina was worried the cookie dough in the tube would be gross. She took off her dress and left."You're supposed to be a kid again. You're supposed to be a princess. You're supposed to run from someone who could be angry. Then, with

Context 5:
It was  my final performance in marching band. A good story and this event could have changed our lives a lot. That said, these guys were amazing. My first two days are special - they got me dressed my very first day into a marching

Context 6:
Jim found an old disposable camera in the bottom of his junk drawer. He moved out to find nothing — the camera of his dad. The photo show faded into memory of Marty's childhood to fill shelves in his place, but never really died as well. The kids were

Context 7:
Ron started his new job as a landscaper today. He did good work — so did a lot — but that doesn't really include being a carpenter as a teenager. That's not quite what he did any longer!

So how do you

Context 8:
John and Billy became very skilled at beer pong. Both of which helped keep us engaged.

In 1992, George gave Billy one of the first new bottles of beer he introduced to me as he moved to Utah from the East Coast - which,

Context 9:
Caroline was a student in medical school. She started her career as a paramedic and quickly acquired an M.S. in public health before returning to work part-time. She now works part-time at Goodwill International Hospital.

Context 10:
Trish hated the outdoors. "These guys are coming to kill him. And like I said, he just won't get some job."

Tish saw his future in college as being the only career option available in an

