Outputs for Temperature=1.25, k=5

Context 1:
Rick grew up in a troubled household. He's now a father, a grandfather, and he's still trying to figure out how he's going to make ends meet.

Advertisement

"I don't have any regrets," he

Context 2:
Laverne needs to prepare something for her friend's party.

"She was a bit worried," she told ABC7's Victoria Derbyshire. "It was a little bit scary. I'm not sure what happened. But we all know that if

Context 3:
Sarah had been dreaming of visiting Europe for years.

She had a few things planned in advance.

First she'd be going to Europe for an interview with her boyfriend, who was on his way out.

Then she'd be

Context 4:
Gina was worried the cookie dough in the tube would be gross. She also worried that the cookie dough could get into her mouth, so she tried to make a small hole for herself and the rest of them to go into.

"You can't go out

Context 5:
It was  my final performance in marching band.

I was wearing my first uniform. It was my first time marching band. I had never heard anything before, but my first impression of the marching band was the feeling I get. I had

Context 6:
Jim found an old disposable camera in the bottom of his junk drawer. "This was my last camera," he says.

"You know what?" I ask. "You're going to need some money."

He laughs, and I'm glad he didn

Context 7:
Ron started his new job as a landscaper today.

The first thing I do when I'm in a hurry is go to the supermarket. I go out to buy groceries. When I'm done with the grocery store, I go out of town

Context 8:
John and Billy became very skilled at beer pong. The first time we played in the tournament, Billy and I played a match against the legendary Dutchman, Frank Van der Kooijen, who is now known as "Frank Van der Koos

Context 9:
Caroline was a student in medical school. She worked for a local hospital and was a nurse, but was not a nurse.

The incident was caught on tape, but the video was not released by authorities until after it aired on TV

Context 10:
Trish hated the outdoors. He hated the sun, too, and the wind, as well. "I've always loved the outdoors."

The next day he got a phone call from a neighbor, who told him that

