Outputs for Temperature=0.75, k=5

Context 1:
Rick grew up in a troubled household. He grew up in a family of three, with two sons. He grew up in a small community in rural Kentucky. He grew up in a home where he had a good job and was able to

Context 2:
Laverne needs to prepare something for her friend's party.

"It's like a little party for me," he explains. "It's like a little party for my friend. I'm going to do it. It's going to be fun.

Context 3:
Sarah had been dreaming of visiting Europe for years. "It's been a really hard time, but we're back home," she said.

"It's a very hard time to travel. It's been so tough."

She said

Context 4:
Gina was worried the cookie dough in the tube would be gross. She had no idea what was going on, but she had to try it.

"I was really nervous," she says. "I was like, 'Oh, no, no. I

Context 5:
It was  my final performance in marching band. I was in a very difficult situation and I was really scared, so I decided to leave the band and go on a solo tour with the band. I didn't know how much I was going to

Context 6:
Jim found an old disposable camera in the bottom of his junk drawer. He took the camera out and put it in his pocket. He opened it and looked at it. It had a small white dot on it and a black hole in the center.

"What

Context 7:
Ron started his new job as a landscaper today.

He was a little nervous about the job, he said, because he was worried about the job's future.

"We're going to do our best to get it done and we

Context 8:
John and Billy became very skilled at beer pong.

"We were playing a game of golf when we started playing. We were playing the same game, and I was just sitting there, and I said, 'You know, we've got

Context 9:
Caroline was a student in medical school.

The woman told police that when she went to the store, she found her car in the back seat, and the vehicle was "taken to a police station."

She said the

Context 10:
Trish hated the outdoors. "I'm not a climber, I'm a farmer, I'm a photographer," she said. "I've never been a big fan of the outdoors. I love the outdoors, I love

